README.md, before:

# Sahayak
### A Personal Finance Management Application

This is a personal finance management application. It allows users to register and login, manage expense categories, and record expenses.

## Features

- User authentication: register, login
- Expense category management: create, update, view, delete
- Expense management: create, update, view, delete

## Technologies Used

- Node.js
- Express.js
- MongoDB (or any other database of choice)
- JSON Web Tokens (JWT) for authentication
- Other dependencies as required

## Getting Started

Follow these instructions to get the project up and running on your local machine.

### Prerequisites

- Node.js and npm installed on your machine
- MongoDB installed and running

### Local Setup

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/shaz-am123/sahayak.git
```

### Backend
2. Navigate to the project directory
```bash
cd sahayak/backend
```
3. Install npm packages
```bash
npm install
```
5. Start the backend server:
```bash
npm start
```

### Frontend
6. Navigate to the project directory
```bash
cd sahayak/frontend
```
7. Install npm packages
```bash
npm install
```
8. Start the frontend server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

### Browser
9. Open any browser of your choice
10. Go to http://localhost:3000/

Commit message:

Update README.md with instructions to run docker container of the application

README.md, after:

# Sahayak
### A Personal Finance Management Application

This is a personal finance management application. It allows users to register and login, manage expense categories, and record expenses.

## Features

- User authentication: register, login
- Expense category management: create, update, view, delete
- Expense management: create, update, view, delete

## Technologies Used

- Node.js
- Express.js
- MongoDB (or any other database of choice)
- JSON Web Tokens (JWT) for authentication
- Other dependencies as required

## Getting Started

Follow these instructions to get the project up and running on your local machine.
## Option 1 (Using Docker)
1. Start a docker engine (e.g. Docker Desktop)
2. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/shaz-am123/sahayak.git
```
3. Navigate to the project directory in the command line.
```bash
cd sahayak/backend
```
4. Run the following command
```bash
docker-compose up
```
### Browser
5. Open any browser of your choice
6. Go to http://localhost:3000/

## Option 2
### Prerequisites

- Node.js and npm installed on your machine
- MongoDB installed and running

### Local Setup

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/shaz-am123/sahayak.git
```

### Backend
2. Navigate to the project directory
```bash
cd sahayak/backend
```
3. Install npm packages
```bash
npm install
```
5. Start the backend server:
```bash
npm start
```

### Frontend
6. Navigate to the project directory
```bash
cd sahayak/frontend
```
7. Install npm packages
```bash
npm install
```
8. Start the frontend server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

### Browser
9. Open any browser of your choice
10. Go to http://localhost:3000/
